README.md, before:

Nicr
========

Nicr will be a collection of CLI scripts based on the Silex framework that make hierarchical files like translation
and configuration files more human-readable.

It is currently limited to PHP array-files only, but in the future I will be adding more formats as my needs for them increase

Nicr works with PHP 5.3.3 or later and is heavily inspired on the [Silex][1] web micro-framework by Fabien Potencier and
the [Cilex][2] variation by Mike van Riel.

## Installation

 1. Download the [archive][3]
 2. Download composer: `curl -s https://getcomposer.org/installer | php`
 3. Install Nicr' dependencies: `php composer.phar install`
 4. Create the Cilex phar: `php ./compile`

## Usage

 - Run the application: `php console`
 - Use the `--help` option for more information
 - Be nice :)

## License

Nicr is licensed under the MIT license.

[1]: http://silex.sensiolabs.org
[2]: http://cilex.github.com
[3]: https://github.com/cleentfaar/nicr/archive/master.zip

## FAQ

Coming soon!

Commit message:

Refactored for rename from nicr to nicer

README.md, after:

Nicer
========

Nicer will be a collection of CLI scripts based on the Silex framework that make hierarchical files like translation
and configuration files more human-readable.

It is currently limited to PHP array-files only, but in the future I will be adding more formats as my needs for them increase

Nicer works with PHP 5.3.3 or later and is heavily inspired on the [Silex][1] web micro-framework by Fabien Potencier and
the [Cilex][2] variation by Mike van Riel.

## Installation

 1. Download the [archive][3]
 2. Download composer: `curl -s https://getcomposer.org/installer | php`
 3. Install Nicer' dependencies: `php composer.phar install`
 4. Create the Cilex phar: `php ./compile`

## Usage

 - Run the application: `php console`
 - Use the `--help` option for more information
 - Be nice :)

## License

Nicer is licensed under the MIT license.

[1]: http://silex.sensiolabs.org
[2]: http://cilex.github.com
[3]: https://github.com/cleentfaar/nicer/archive/master.zip

## FAQ

Coming soon!
